Improved onboarding process and tools to set up hostnames (#208)
open-contracting/deploy: docs/deploy/create_server.rst

#. Click *Servers* and *Add a cloud server*

   #. Enter a *Name*

>    #. Select a *Group* indicating the planned envionment (*production* or *development*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Select a *Group* indicating the environment (*production* or *development*)
```

         .. code-block:: none

>             HOSTNAME ex01.open-contracting.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            HOSTNAME ocp##.open-contracting.org
```

      reboot

> 2. Set up DNS records

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create DNS records
```

---------------------

> #. Create a new hostname DNS entry in `GoDaddy <https://dcc.godaddy.com/manage/OPEN-CONTRACTING.ORG/dns>`__

Reviewer: CNAME record? A record?

> All server hostnames should be in the following format ocpXX.open-contracting.org (e.g. ocp01, ocp02 etc).
> Each server should have a unique hostname so for each new server, increment the counter by one. 
> To see which hostnames are currently in use `refer to the salt roster config <https://github.com/open-contracting/deploy/blob/master/salt-config/roster>__`.

Reviewer: Please put paragraph text on a single line, rather than multiple lines.

```suggestion
Hostnames follow the format ``ocp##.open-contracting.org`` (ocp01, ocp02, etc.). Increment the number by 1 for each new server, to ensure the hostname is unique and used only once. To determine the greatest number, refer to GoDaddy or the `salt-config/roster <https://github.com/open-contracting/deploy/blob/master/salt-config/roster>`__ file.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

3. Apply core changes
---------------------

#. Connect to the server as the ``root`` user using SSH, and change its password, using the ``passwd`` command. Use a `strong password <https://www.lastpass.com/password-generator>`__, and save it to OCP's `LastPass <https://www.lastpass.com>`__ account.

.. note::

>    The root password is needed if you can't login via SSH (for example, due to a broken configuration). For Bytemark, open the `panel <https://panel.bytemark.co.uk/servers>`__, click the server's *Console* button, and login.

Reviewer: I think removing the indentation here causes the numbering to re-start after the note.

Author: Fixed

> #. Add a target to the ``salt-config/roster`` file in this repository, using a logical target name matching the service. If the service is an instance of `CoVE <https://github.com/OpenDataServices/cove>`__, choose a target name starting with ``cove-``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add a target to the ``salt-config/roster`` file in this repository, naming the target after the service. If the service is an instance of `CoVE <https://github.com/OpenDataServices/cove>`__, choose a target name starting with ``cove-``.
```

#. `Run the onboarding state file <https://github.com/open-contracting/deploy/blob/master/salt/onboarding.sls>__`

This state file ensures that the system is patched, configures the system hostname and applies the core salt configs.

> Replace "ocpXX" with the hostname you set up in GoDaddy earlier.

Reviewer: Put these on the same line, otherwise I think the numbered list item won't render correctly.

Author: Tweaked + numbering looks good in GitHub.

  .. code-block:: bash
     
     salt-ssh TARGET state.apply onboarding pillar='{"host_id": "ocpXX"}'

#. `Reboot the server <https://docs.saltstack.com/en/latest/ref/modules/all/salt.modules.system.html#salt.modules.system.reboot>`__:

   .. code-block:: bash

      salt-ssh TARGET system.reboot

4. Deploy the service
---------------------

   .. note::

      See docs here on how to :doc:`deploy services<deploy>`.

#. If the service is being introduced, add the target to ``salt/top.sls``, and include the ``prometheus-client-apache`` state file and any new state files you authored for the service.

   .. note::

      If a target expression (other than ``'*'``) matches the target, then skip this step. For example, ``'cove-*'`` matches ``cove-oc4ids``.

#. If the service is moving to the new server, update occurrences of the old server's hostname and IP address.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If the server runs a database like PostgreSQL or Elasticsearch, copy the database.

6. Update external services
---------------------------

#. :doc:`Add the server to Prometheus<prometheus>`

> #. Add (or update) the service's DNS entries in `GoDaddy <https://dcc.godaddy.com/manage/OPEN-CONTRACTING.ORG/dns>`__ (e.g. standard-search.open-contracting.org, postgres.open-contracting.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add (or update) the service's DNS entries in `GoDaddy <https://dcc.godaddy.com/manage/OPEN-CONTRACTING.ORG/dns>`__ (e.g. standard.open-contracting.org, toucan.open-contracting.org)
```

Reviewer: Yes
